Welcome to planning our project in this video you get familiar with rabbits you will look at the desired
outcome and plan our modelling journey towards that goal.
So what do I mean by that.
Well the section brief this section is actually going to have a self-contained brief so we stay on point.
It also allows you guys a bit of freedom if you want to experiment.
So simply put the rabbit is sat in grass and is still is going to be a summer's day with a light breeze.
There should be additional foliage around the rabbits perhaps a bush or a tree or something like that
and the rabbit does not have to be realistic so it could be out of proportion if you'd like.
Or more cartoony if you want.
So with that in mind and I'm going to leave it on the screen for a few moments start imagining the scene
itself.
So there's a rabbit sat in the grass and it's still well that means we're not going to have to animates
this particular rabbits.
It's a summer's day with the light breeze so there's gonna be probably some wind involved at some point.
There should be additional foliage around the rabbits so we're going to have to construct an environment
for the rabbit to be in and the rabbit does not have to be realistic so we can accentuate certain parts
and of course a rabbit is well known for its large is.
Perhaps we can go a little over the top with those and have a bit of fun.
Now of course in terms of reference material there's a good search engine out there called Google.
You can google pitches rabbits on that.
I've also included some reference material in the section assets the three different pictures of rabbits.
Just so that can get you started.
So do feel free to go and download those photos.
They'll be the ones that be using in the course ahead.
So with that I'd like you to pause a video and plan your own scene so design your rabbits.
Grab a pen and paper if necessary.
And don't worry you don't have to be an artist.
It doesn't have to be great.
Now focus on outlines rather than detail at this moment in time.
We're not we're not I'm not asking you to draw a picture of what we're about to do.
All I'm asking you to do is get the outline so you understand how the whole scene's going to come together.
The whole composition of the scene now design a scene that has a rabbit in a medium length grass.
And think about what's around the rabbits.
So design question so what is around the rabbit that's very important where are you going to position
your trees etc. or bushes or shrubs or long grass or think about all the things that you could put around
them and are there any parts of the rabbit we cannot see.
And if we can't see a rabbits or if we do I hope we can see the rabbit.
We can't see past the rabbit.
If we think why would we need to model that particular part of the rabbit.
Give that some thought.
Pulls the video now and give it a go.
Okay guys.
Welcome back.
Now it's time to see my drawing skills.
So I'm going to quickly hop over and design my scene.
Okay guys so I'm just using a program here called sketchbook and I've got a little graphic tablet.
It's just so you guys can see what's going on now in terms of this.
I am literally going to do as I've asked you to do a very rough outline so I'm going to have a head
of a rabbit with two ears.
Now I don't care if this looks like a child's drawing because essentially it is just an outline.
And of course it has a body.
And so gay and Jewely have legs etc..
But we're going to be placing our bunny in grass.
So I'm going to give it some rough grass around there.
Now it's going to be eating some grass around here etc. So we've got our bunny in grass so this area
of the bunny the base of the bunny itself is not going to have to be modelled in great detail.
In fact the focal point and are not undertaken to highlight this but here the focal points are going
to be the head of the bunny.
And of course if that is the case we don't want to spend too much time modelling feat that really can't
be seen obviously of the specification for our model.
Did say that the rabbit was hopping through the field.
Then we'd have to focus on some other bits and bobs aswell.
But since the rabbit is actually in tool or medium brass We don't need to worry about that.
So what else can we put in our scene.
Well to help frame our rabbits.
So if you think of a picture hanging on a wall it has a frame around it.
And sometimes when you look at the scene it's framed by things on the side so we could have some bushes
perhaps here or some bushes even on this side as well don't want anything in front of the rabbit because
that helps frame our rabbits into the centre of the scene.
So move this toolbar up way.
So is there anything else.
Well the sky's going to be blue so I'm just going to quickly go over here and go blue okay.
I could have probably picked a different tool I'm still learning in set up.
So we're going to have a blue sky.
It might be quite nice to have a herbology for the poor drawing here as probably said already but maybe
a tree or something like that in the background.
Now that looks like a five year old story but it really doesn't matter.
Guys it's all about experimentation.
You know that's taken me.
I don't know.
Two minutes to knock that up and see what we're going to get.
And that's that's the important thing here.
I'd rather spend a couple of minutes fleshing out this scene and going.
Well actually I think it would be better if X Y and Z swapped round spent another two minutes doing
it rather than trying to get your bunny looking like a bunny at this stage.
We can do that.
Back in blender.
So how did you guys get on.
I'd love to see your compositions what your going to be aiming for throughout this section.
Please share them in the discussions.
Take a picture of them with your phone or digital camera or if you've got some software like this doodle
in that mess paint whatever you've got.
Show me what you're going to do.
And well let's get on and make it.
See you guys in the next lecture.